Minnie Flyreather Dukes, daughter of the late Mr. Andrew and Mrs. Lillie Mae Bynum, was born on February 23, 1936 in Lanes, South Carolina. After a long and difficult battle with illness, she took her final breath on March 22, 2021 and is finally at rest. Minnie was one of the Kindest, most Courageous, and most Selfless women to ever grace this earth and all who came to know her were truly blessed. As a Mother, she was the head of the family and her children became dependent on her comforting embrace, wisdom, and spiritual guidance. Both a wonderful and loving mother who gave her all to her family the space she leaves behind will never be able to be filled.

In 1956, Minnie moved to Baltimore, Maryland where, while working in a local Canning Factory she met Thomas C. Dukes who immediately fell in love with her. They went on to be married in 1957, had seven children together, and shared ten years together until his passing in 1967.

After becoming a widow at a young age, Minnie was fiercely dedicated to keeping her children together and worked several positions over the years. Many were amazed at how this one woman, seemingly effortlessly, was raising seven children on her own. As a deserving woman of God, Minnie was blessed for patiently waiting on Love, and after a lengthy partnership, in 1975, she married Joseph Davis. After the loss of Joseph in 1980, who she declared was the Love of her Life, beside whom she will be laid to rest , she never remarried and committed the remainder of her life to serving her faith and her family. In ____, she began working at Westinghouse Electric Company, from which she retired in ____ after __ years of service.

Minnie was a woman of deep faith and in ____she dedicated her life to serving Jehovah God and his son Jesus Christ. Sister Dukes lived her life everyday as shining example of her being a servant of the kingdom. She never missed an opportunity to share her love of Jehovah with others and spent much of her time in field service to witness to others. Her faith in Jehovah God shaped her heart. Sister Dukes gave all of herself to others, especially all of her children never hesitating when called upon, never asking for anything in return, her only requirement was to Love Jehovah, as she would often say, and “all will be well.”

Minnie lived to be 85, for some that seems long, for those who knew and Loved her, that was not enough. Over the years she became to mean so much to so many. In her early years and throughout her life, her impeccable taste, class, and radiant beauty she became known as Minnie Fly. Her faith led her to become a Witness of Jehovah God and she became known as Sister Dukes, a person who was loved by her fellow congregation members. As the generations grew, she became Nana, Mother to all, opening her heart, support, and home to all who were in need. To many she was simply Minnie, a Friend, who held you in her heart, comforted you in times of need, and laughed with you in times of Joy. While Minnie was living, she made the world a better place, and we, who she left behind, know this because each of our lives are better because she lived.

Minnie was predeceased by her husband Joseph Davis; parents, Andrew and Lillie Bynum; her children, Alphonso Lee and Mary Christina; her sisters, Cleo Geraldine Andrews and Vivian Johnson; She leaves behind daughter, Angelea Dukes, Four Sons, LeQuency Bynum, Alvin Dukes, Daniel Dukes, and Stanley Dukes; Three Sisters, Lela Mae Henryhand, Lue Ida Noble Lee Davenport, and Claudette Bynum; _ Grandchildren; nieces, nephews, and a host of other relatives and friends.
Rest Nana, you gave all of you to all of us, we will be together in “The Resurrection”